Normalize URL string ports per RFC 3986 section 3.2.3 (#1033)
aio-libs/yarl: CHANGES/1033.bugfix.rst

> Normalize default ports according to :rfc:`3986`.

Reviewer: Urgh.. I somehow missed that this was in imperative mood for some reason. It should refer to the change that has already happened since the previous release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default protocol ports of well-known URI schemes are now taken into account
during the normalization of the URL string representation in accordance with
:rfc:`3986#section-3.2.3`.
```

> Specified ports are removed from the str representation of an URL if the port matches
> the schemes default port -- by :user:`commonism`.

Reviewer: Let's link the mentioned structures and fix the grammar:
```suggestion
Specified ports are removed from the :class:`str` representation of a :class:`~yarl.URL`
if the port matches the scheme's default port -- by :user:`commonism`.
```

Reviewer: @commonism I didn't commit this myself since I wanted you to preview it and check if I didn't confuse things. But I expect this to be the last bit to correct before merging.

> the schemes default port. -- by :user:`commonism`.

Reviewer: If you want the byline to be in the same paragraph, don't put a period before it.
```suggestion
the schemes default port -- by :user:`commonism`.
```

Alternatively, you could attach it to the very first sentence, too. Another possibility is to drop the trailing period and add an empty line as a separator so it's not a part of the sentence and the paragraph.
